♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 11=
I ran out of ink.
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
(This won't do.)
(We must talk it through.)
Xiao Man.
I want some water.
Xiao Man...
You...
I...
(Why is her face so pale?)
(No.)
(I must check on her.)
Xiao Man.
You're burning up.
You have a fever.
Does Your Majesty want water again?
No.
I didn't know you were hurt this badly.
Let me see.
Blood...
You're coughing up blood.
Someone!
Someone, help!
Xiao Man!
Your Majesty,
this sudden illness
will trouble him for a few days.
However,
he'll recover soon
so long as he takes
his medicine on time.
There's no need to worry.
Understood.
Then...
I will take my leave.
Thank you.
We should summon the Imperial Physician.
Never mind.
He's already examined me.
Don't blame yourself.
It wasn't because of you.
After one night's rest,
I'll be fine.
It's nothing.
Take your medicine.
Xiao Man...
I didn't mean it.
I didn't know you'd be standing there.
It had nothing to do with you.
I'd like to rest now.
Xiao Man...
I thought after you returned,
we'd be just like we were as children.
Why is this happening?
Why?
♪I wanted to ask you
the meaning of forever♪
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪
♪All those vows of forever we made♪
♪Are sealed away in darkness now♪
♪How cruel♪
♪Love blooms and withers♪
♪The more I try to forget
the fiercer the love burns♪
♪The more I retreat
the sharper it feels♪
♪How am I supposed to let go♪
♪And bring this story to an end♪
♪After ten thousand years
adrift in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪
♪How absurd
that this longing just won't die♪
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
♪After ten thousand years
adrift in the mortal world♪
♪Why is my wish still unfulfilled♪